README.md, before:

# cesm_dev
The cesm_dev repository is dedicated to CESM development which encompass:
- Development simulations (including cases directories and model sandboxes).
- Relevant discussions to model development (e.g. discussions of biases, tuning, ...).
- Spreadsheet to track development tasks.

## Development simulations
Note that the cesm development simulations before 109 are currently tracked under another [repo](https://github.com/NCAR/amwg_dev/). This is for historical reasons. Starting with 110, the simulations are tracked in the current repo soon.

The list of cesm development simulations can be found under [Issues](https://github.com/NCAR/amwg_dev/issues). 
  - Each simulation is represented as a github issue. 
  - Simulations can be sorted with labels (for instance, compset: BLT1850). 

To request a new simulation run, please use the [Run request](https://github.com/NCAR/amwg_dev/issues/new/choose) template. 
  - Please provide as much details as possible. 

## Discussions 
Discussions relevant to cesm development could be posted under [Discussions](https://github.com/NCAR/cesm_dev/discussions).
  
  - Discussions provide you with the ability to directly engage with other developers while staying on GitHub.
  - To ensure that the conversation remains productive and helpful, please keep your discussions organized by using relevant titles, applying labels, and refraining from mixing topics.

## Projects
A spreadsheet of the current cesm tasks is posted under [Projects](https://github.com/NCAR/cesm_dev/projects).
  
  - Each task basically one or a collection of discussions about a specific issues in cesm.

## Code of Conduct
We are committed to fostering a respectful and inclusive community for all participants.
- Our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/NCAR/cesm_dev/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) outlines our expectations for behavior and principles.

Commit message:

Update README.md after code chill
After the code chill,  we are shifting to record coupled simulations from amwg_dev to  cesm_dev.

README.md, after:

# cesm_dev
The `cesm_dev` repository is dedicated to the ongoing development of the Community Earth System Model (CESM) and includes:
- **Development simulations**. Comprehensive information about individual runs, including case directories.
- **Relevant discussions**: Topics related to model development, such as bias identification and tuning.
- **Task Tracking**: A spreadsheet to manage development tasks.

## Development simulations
Please note that CESM development simulations before version 109 were tracked in a different are currently tracked under another [repo](https://github.com/NCAR/amwg_dev/) for historical reasons. Starting with simulation 110 and the *code chill* (effective August 31, 2024), all CESM coupled development simulations are documented in this repository.

You can find a list of CESM development simulations under the [Issues](https://github.com/NCAR/amwg_dev/issues) section. 
  - Each simulation is recorded as a github issue. 
  - Simulations can be sorted with labels (for instance, compset: BLT1850). 

To request a new simulation run, please use the [Run request](https://github.com/NCAR/amwg_dev/issues/new/choose) template. and provide as much details as possible. 

## Discussions 
Relevant discussions about CESM development should be posted under the [Discussions](https://github.com/NCAR/cesm_dev/discussions) section.
  
  - Discussions provide you with the ability to directly engage with other developers while staying on GitHub.
  - To ensure that the conversation remains productive and helpful, please keep your discussions organized by using relevant titles, applying labels, and refraining from mixing topics.

## Projects
A spreadsheet tracking current CESM development tasks is available under the [Projects](https://github.com/NCAR/cesm_dev/projects) section.
  
  - Each task basically one or a collection of discussions about specific issues in cesm.

## Code of Conduct
We are committed to fostering a respectful and inclusive community for all participants.
- Our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/NCAR/cesm_dev/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) outlines our expectations for behavior and principles.
